Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Okay. okay. okay. okay...
Okay...
Yes... Yes...
Yes. yes. come on...
Come on. yes! Yes. yes!
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Here we go. here we go.
Okay. Okay. Fuck.
Work. Work. Work.
Standard... Okay...
Standard. can you- can you hear me?
This is Naren.
And I've. um...
I've been separated.
uh. from the others.
And I think I'm okay.
but I'm not sure where I. uh...
I've never been out this
far before. so I don't...
There was this. uh...
I didn't get a good look
at it. but there was. um...
there's something else in here.
I need you guys.
Okay? I need you
guys to get me. please.
Fuck. I need you guys
to come out and get me.
Can you... can you
come. please. standard?
Standard?
Oh. fuck!
Fuck...
Fuck! Fuck...
Oh. shit... What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Shit.
Fuck!
Fuck. fuck. fuck! Fuck!
We all have our loops. our habits...
...behaviors that keep
us walking in circles...
...reaching for the same
solutions over and over again.
thinking each time they'll
take you somewhere new.
But they don't.
And still.
it's the neural pathway
of least resistance.
A path you made.
It's the one that kept you
safe when you were a child.
You learned to push people away
before they could hurt you.
And now.
as an adult.
you're still stuck right
where you started.
Alone.
I mean. I'm not lonely.
I have employees and... customers.
I didn't say lonely. I said alone.
Yeah. well. I mean...
I hurt people.
I don't want to. It's
just the way I'm wired.
So maybe I deserve to be alone.
Do you think anyone
deserves to be alone?
I don't know. but. you know.
maybe it's not such a bad thing.
Being alone feels...
deeply ingrained.
I understand.
You've had dreams
and a lot of resistance.
not a lot of support in
realizing those dreams.
And when we've experienced...
hurt again and again.
we start to expect it.
It's like. "Oh. I know this path.
I know where it goes."
So...
are you interested
in forging a new path
and see where that leads?
Sure.
Why not? You know. I'm here.
Great.
So I want to revisit
an exercise we've done before.
The role play.
- Oh. the acting thing?
- Yeah.
- I feel stupid doing that.
- I know.
But we have a few minutes. Let's. um...
Yeah. let's try. A little bit.
All right.
Let's set the scene.
Let's go back to the
night that Barbara left you.
You mean the night she
kicked me out of my own house?
Yeah.
I'm playing myself.
And I'll be Barbara.
It is my house. by the way.
I'm the one paying for it.
- I know.
- All right.
Okay. so. um...
I got home late. I don't know how late.
Uh... She was already
asleep. Maybe midnight.
She usually goes to bed
before... It doesn't matter.
The point is. I was in
the kitchen. and. um...
the glass. I broke the glass. and...
she comes running down
to see what happened. and...
things escalated.
And how do you feel?
Well. I was...
I was drunk. and. um...
I-I felt stupid. you know.
I was angry. because...
because I broke the glass.
Can you say that to me?
- Uh. what. to-to Barbara?
- Yeah.
Um... I'm sorry that I woke you.
Maybe if you'd come home earlier.
we could have spent
the evening together.
No. I was... I was working. you know?
I came straight home after work.
Be honest with me. please.
I can smell it on your breath.
I had a few beers.
Define a few.
Well. it was a hard day.
I needed to wind down.
All you ever do is wind down.
You're always at the store.
You want kids. right?
- We both do.
- Well. you know...
having a family takes money.
which means someone has to work.
Unless being a professional student
is considered a job these days.
That's not fair. You
know I had to take time off.
Well. it's not my fault
if you can't keep up.
How are you going to be a lawyer
if you can't even handle law school?
Who do you think pays for everything
while you're gallivanting around campus
like a 30-year-old freshman?
I'll give you a hint: it's me.
I pay for your school. I
pay for your time off school.
I pay for the roof over your head.
- Can I talk now?
- No! No.
Because I'd like to know.
what do you think happens
if you do manage to graduate?
You know. you pop out a
kid. then leave me with the bill.
Or am I stuck at home
changing diapers because
you're too busy working
for the first time in your life?
- Now you're being cruel.
- I'm being honest.
I thought that's what
you always wanted.
Just because you didn't get to
be an architect doesn't mean--
I am a fucking architect!
God damn it. I'm just stuck
selling shit furniture because
someone won't get off their
fat fucking ass and help me!
How do you feel. Clark?
Who am I talking to?
- Me. here. now.
- You? Okay.
Um...
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. uh...
...you know. get angry
or lose my temper or whatever.
I know.
That's the purpose
of the whole exercise.
This is a good start.
To feel what you feel.
and then learn to identify a new path.
Your reaction was
actually quite normal.
Well. that's me!
Well. ahoy there. mateys!
Tired of spending your hard-earned
doubloons on overpriced furniture?
Looking for deals that'll
shiver your timbers?
Then come on down to
Cap'n Clark's Ottoman Empire.
the Santa Clara Valley's favorite
warehouse and showrooms.
You'll find bedrooms. living rooms.
dinettes. dens and bathrooms aplenty.
First-time homeowners? We've got ya.
New parents looking
for Billy's first crib?
We've got ya!
From the latest in modern design
to the classic styles of yesteryear.
it's all here and it's all a steal.
What's that. Polly?
You're worried about credit?
Ha! Cap'n Clark says
no credit. no problem!
Sail the high seas of high quality.
and leave your money
problems at the door.
Walk in today
and get your dream sectional lounger.
kitchen table. floor
lamp. and bed frame here
at Cap'n Clark's Ottoman Empire.
located at Capitol and
McKee. just off the 680.
Arr! Walk in today...
...kick your feet back.
and enjoy an empire of your own!
For every sultan deserves a throne.
and we've got one with your name on it.
here at Cap'n Clark's--
No way!
- Clark. you good?
- Turn the camera off.
No. no. it's good. It's
outtake stuff. dude.
- Turn the fucking camera off.
- Okay... Jesus...
You. uh. you need help?
No. I got it. I got it.
Um...
- Are we going again. or...?
- No.
Kat. you can open the store now.
We've been open.
You know. dude. I still don't get it.
Are you. like. a pirate or a sultan?
- Just be good to establish it.
- I'm a... Shut up.
Piece of cheap particleboard bullshit.
Clear this stuff up. will you?
Here.
Shit.
Sorry about that.
How's it looking?
Meter reads fine.
If your bill's coming
in high. that's on you.
What about the outages?
That happens after hours.
Don't know. Fluorescents
must be tripping a breaker.
I turn the overheads off
when the store closes.
before the power gets weird.
Anyway. wouldn't that
just make the bills go down?
Where's your breaker box?
I'm no expert.
but I checked earlier.
and everything looks okay.
- You said the lights flicker.
- Yeah. the whole store does.
- Huh.
- Just not at the same time.
One night. I lose the power upstairs.
Next night. it's down
here. There's no rhyme or...
Who the hell installed this thing?
Well. the building came wired.
I mean. it's dated.
but it's not that old.
Take a look at this.
That wasn't there before.
Or...
maybe I didn't notice.
Like I say. I'm no expert.
Why-why is it... why
is it going that way?
Better question:
what is it even connected to?
Huh?
Kat! How's the power?
What?
Anything happen up there?
What the hell?
The rat's back.
- But the power's on.
- Yeah.
I thought we killed the rat.
We killed "a" rat.
- So is this the problem?
- Don't see how.
Power can't even go
through this part of the circuit.
It's just...
there.
Like some schmo just stuck it in there.
Yeah.
Do you ever feel like
you're living behind glass?
Watching life happen.
but never really stepping into it?
Maybe it's time to
open the window within.
You can be the author
of your own design
because we all deserve another chance
to fulfill our dreams.
The moment you believe
change is possible.
you've already begun.
Order The Window Within
and the companion
three-part audio program.
Guided Openings. by Dr. Mary Klein.
Available now for $24.95 plus shipping.
Call 1-800-555-0199.
It's never too late
to forge a new path.
"So. you're still
trusting paper folders.
"mislabeled tapes. and
a locked filing cabinet
"that anyone with a
spare key can open?"
"Your business runs on information.
"yet most companies
treat their data like clutter..."
That small blip is not an asteroid.
It's a spaceship. and it's on our tail.
- It's getting closer.
- Impossible. Rigna.
They couldn't have spotted
us. We have our radar shield on.
I know that. sir. but
they are gaining on us.
Is it possible Earth
has a secret device
that can penetrate our radar shield?
Piece of shit.
"Why did you do this to yourself?"
"How did you get here?"
"Your consciousness is
a room full of memories
"that is constantly evolving."
"But as you walk through life.
"the untrained mind
can start to build walls.
"put up barriers
"to protect itself from
the outside world."
"It's a natural response."
"Something we are often unaware of."
"But if gone unchecked.
"it can leave you feeling trapped."
"You can become convinced
that the world outside
"is better off without you."
"That you never deserve
the relationships you've had."
"Resigned to watch your life unfold
"from behind a lone window."
"I can help you open it now
"because the window isn't locked."
"The latch was never broken."
"Are you ready to step through?"
"So that you can reclaim
that which was once yours...
"and take back control of your life."
"The life you want to be living."
"Unburdened by the
traumas of the past."
"Free of the confines you had built."
...to leave. and so I decided...
"And free to choose a
path of your own design."
"Well. hey there.
cowboys and cowgirls!"
"Are you looking to
rustle up the best deals
"this side of the Rio Grande?"
Prick.
"Well. yeehaw. I say yeehaw!"
"Here at Big Wayne's.
our dining room sets
"are gonna make you feel
like you just struck gold."
"So don't even think
about going anyplace else."
"Big Wayne's. just
look for the golden--"
What the...
Stupid...
Fuck! Piece of shit!
[Cantonese] "How's everyone? Wish
you peace. health and happiness."
[Akkadian] "May all be very well."
[Russian] "Greetings! I welcome you!"
[Thai] "Hello friends from farland."
[Thai] We in this land have
sent you warm greeting to you all."
[Arabic] "Our greetings to
the friends amongst the stars."
[Arabic] "We wish that
time would unite us."
[Romanian] "Regards to everyone."
[French] "Hello. everyone."
[Burmese] "Are you well?"
[Hebrew] "Peace."
[Spanish] "Hello and
greetings to everyone."
[Indonesian] "Good night.
ladies and gentlemen...
[Indonesian] "Goodbye and..."
Hello?
[Kechua (Quechua)] "Hello
to everybody from this Earth...
[Kechua (Quechua)]
"...in Quechua language."
[Punjabi] "Welcome home. It
is a pleasure to receive you."
[Hittite] "Greetings."
[Bengali] "Hello! Let there
be peace everywhere."
[Latin] "Greetings to
you. whoever you are...
[Latin] "...we have
good will towards you...
[Latin] "...and bring
peace across space."
[Aramaic] "Hello"
[Dutch] "Sincere
greetings to everyone."
[German] "Warm greetings to everyone."
[Urdu] "Peace be upon you...
[Urdu] "We. the
inhabitants of this earth...
[Urdu] "send our greetings to you."
What the fuck?
[Vietnamese] "...greetings to you."
[Turkish] "Dear
Turkish-speaking friends...
[Turkish] "...may the honors of
the morning be upon your heads."
[Japanese] "How are you?"
[Hindi] "Greetings from
the inhabitants of the earth."
[Welsh] "Good health
to you now and forever."
[Italian] "Many greetings and wishes."
[Sinhala] "Wish You a Long Life."
[Zulu (isiZulu)] "We
greet you. great ones...
wish you longevity."
[Sotho (Sesotho)] "We
greet you. O great ones."
[Wu] "Best wishes to you all."
[Armenian] "To all those who exist...
[Armenian] "in the
universe. greetings."
[Korean] "Hello"
[Polish] "Welcome. beings
from beyond the world."
[Nepali] "Wishing you a peaceful
future from the earthlings."
[Mandarin Chinese] "How's everyone?
We all very much wish to meet you...
[Mandarin Chinese] "if you're
free please come and visit."
[Ila] "We wish all of you well."
[Swedish] "Greetings from
a computer programmer in...
[Swedish] "the small university
town of Ithaca on the planet Earth."
[Nyanja] "How are all you
people of other planets?"
[Gujarati] "Greetings from...
[Gujarati] "...a human
being of the Earth...
[Gujarati] "Please contact."
[Ukrainian] "We are sending
greetings from our world...
[Ukrainian] "wishing you
happiness. health and many years."
[Persian] "Greetings to
the residents of far skies..."
Oriya] "Greetings
to the inhabitants of...
[Oriya] "the universe from the
third planet Earth of the star Sun"
[Ganda (Luganda)] "Greetings
to all peoples of the universe...
[Ganda (Luganda)] "God
give you peace always."
[Marathi] "Greetings. The people of the Earth send their
good wishes and hope you find good fortune in this life."
[Amoy] "Friends from
space. how are you all?
[Amoy] "Have you eaten yet?
Come visit us if you have time."
[Hungarian] "We are sending greetings in the Hungarian
language to all peace-loving beings on the Universe."
[Telugu] "Greetings. Best wishes..."
Hello?
[Czech] "Dear Friends.
we wish you the best."
[Kannada] "Greetings. On behalf of
Kannada-speaking people. 'good wishes'."
[Rajasthani] "Hello to everyone...
[Rajasthani] "We are happy
here and you be happy there."
"Hello from the
children of planet Earth."
[Ancient Greek] "Greetings
to you. whoever you are..."
[Portuguese] "Peace and
happiness to everyone."
[Cantonese] "How's
everyone? Wish you..."
Ooh...
[Kechua (Quechua)] "Hello
to everybody from this Earth...
[Kechua (Quechua)]
"...in Quechua language."
[Punjabi] "Welcome home. It
is a pleasure to receive you."
[Hittite] "Greetings."
[Bengali] "Hello! Let there
be peace everywhere."
[Latin] "Greetings to
you. whoever you are...
[Latin] "...we have
good will towards you...
[Latin] "...and bring
peace across space."
[Aramaic] "Hello"
[Dutch] "Sincere
greetings to everyone."
[German] "Warm greetings to everyone."
[Urdu] "Peace be upon you...
[Urdu] "We. the
inhabitants of this earth...
[Urdu] "send our greetings to you."
[Vietnamese] "Sincerely
sending greetings to you."
[Turkish] "Dear
Turkish-speaking friends...
[Turkish] "...may the honors of
the morning be upon your heads."
[Japanese] "How are you?"
[Hindi] "Greetings from
the inhabitants of the earth."
[Welsh] "Good health
to you now and forever."
[Italian] "Many greetings and wishes."
[Sinhala] "Wish You a Long Life."
[Zulu (isiZulu)] "We
greet you. great ones...
wish you longevity."
[Sotho (Sesotho)] "We
greet you. O great ones."
[Wu] "Best wishes to you all."
[Armenian] "To all those who exist...
[Armenian] "in the
universe. greetings."
[Korean] "Hello"
[Polish] "Welcome. beings
from beyond the world."
[Nepali] "Wishing you a peaceful
future from the earthlings."
[Mandarin Chinese] "How's everyone?
We all very much wish to meet you...
[Mandarin Chinese] "if you're
free please come and visit."
[Ila] "We wish all of you well."
[Swedish] "Greetings from
a computer programmer in...
[Swedish] "the small university
town of Ithaca on the planet Earth."
[Nyanja] "How are all you people of..."
Anyone there?
Oh. fuck...
Okay. Okay...
[French] "Hello. everyone."
[Burmese] "Are you well?"
[Hebrew] "Peace."
[Spanish] "Hello and
greetings to everyone."
[Indonesian] "Good night.
ladies and gentlemen."
[Indonesian] "Goodbye
and see you next time."
[Kechua (Quechua)] "Hello
to everybody from this Earth...
[Kechua (Quechua)]
"...in Quechua language."
[Punjabi] "Welcome home. It
is a pleasure to receive you."
[Hittite] "Greetings."
[Bengali] "Hello! Let there
be peace everywhere."
[Latin] "Greetings to
you. whoever you are...
[Latin] "...we have
good will towards you...
[Latin] "...and bring
peace across space."
[Aramaic] "Hello"
[Dutch] "Sincere
greetings to everyone."
[German] "Warm greetings to everyone."
[Urdu] "Peace be upon you...
[Urdu] "We. the
inhabitants of this earth...
[Urdu] "send our greetings to you."
Sorry I'm late.
Traffic was hell. and
I couldn't leave early.
Let's just use the time we have.
How are you today. Clark?
How do I look?
Fine. A little tired. maybe.
I look like shit.
Can I ask. and there is
no wrong answer here. you know that...
Are you intoxicated right now?
Why you say it like that?
Like what?
I haven't had a drink since Friday.
It's probably why I look like shit.
- Can I ask you something?
- Sure.
You ever 5150'd someone?
A few times over the years.
when it was necessary.
Wh-wha-what makes it necessary?
If I believe that the person is a
danger to themselves or others.
or they're gravely disabled.
Okay.
Um...
I found something in the store.
Okay. What did you find?
Uh...
A place. I f...
I found a place.
A place?
Yeah. It's like. um...
It's like the store just. uh...
continues. I guess.
It's like... you know.
like there's a wall
and on the other side of the wall.
the store just keeps going. you know.
like-like a... like a copy of itself.
I-I-I figure they're using
mirrors or something
to hide the entrance. I don't know.
Sorry. I'm not following you.
Is this a room you
didn't know about before?
No.
Okay. so y-y-you go in and. uh...
at first it just looks like
a- like an office building.
Like a... like a huge
office building. you know?
And then. uh... But
then you-you keep going.
and then-then you realize
th-th-that none of it makes any sense.
It's-it's like. um...
Imagine describing a dog
to someone who's never seen one before
and then asking them to draw it.
They might get some
things right. you know.
but there's no way
they'd get everything right.
You know. the devil's in the details.
So from a distance. you look at it.
you think you're seeing a
dog. but then you look clos--
Why are you looking at me like that?
I'm just trying to understand.
Oh.
You know. for a shrink.
you got a terrible poker face.
What you're saying
might sound fantastical.
but not dangerous.
Are there any people in these offices?
Not that I've seen.
You know. I hear. um...
There's footsteps. an-an-and
stuff gets moved around
when I'm not looking.
I know how this sounds.
but you've got to understand.
it's massive in there.
Like New-York's-subway-system
massive. you know.
For all I know. there's
hundreds of people.
I just haven't seen them.
Look.
You see? It's like a...
It's like a maze.
It just goes on and on and on.
Sometimes I'm scared I'll get lost.
Why do you think no one
else has found this place?
I don't know.
The entrance is on the subfloor.
so the whole structure is
probably underground. you know?
It's not on any city maps.
The entrances are hidden.
so who'd think to look?
I'm not saying I don't believe you...
but you told me yourself
you haven't had a drink since Friday.
- Do you think there is a--
- Okay.
- Clark--
- No. no.
- If this is true-- - Yeah.
I get it. Thank you.
You know. I'm gonna
come back here with proof
and you're gonna owe me
a serious fucking apology.
Kat!
Jesus. goddamn. I'm coming! I'm coming!
- Hey.
- Cap'n Clark?
- Um...
- Wait. wait. wait. wait. Kat?
- I'm coming.
- Kat!
Okay. I'm coming!
- Look--
-What the fuck?
Yeah. I'm sorry. uh...
What are you guys doing tomorrow?
What are you talking about?
I'll pay you. Two
hours. Overtime. Tops.
Okay. pay us for what?
Research.
You got the camera. right?
You can-you can borrow it again...
Right?
Okay. we are rolling.
We got. um. some shit over here.
We got some stop signs
and. uh... a rope.
What's the rope for?
Supplies.
Oh. great. he's gonna tie us up.
No. we're gonna tie ourselves up.
Hmm. Kinky.
What the fuck?
Uh. you still haven't told us
what we're doing here. man.
I did tell you. Research.
These are supplies. and
we're using them for research.
It's not that hard to understand.
Okay. research for what?
Y-you gotta be more specific. dude.
I'm gonna go through the door.
What door?
That's the door.
I taped an outline
on the other side. too.
just to help us find our way back.
- Bobby?
- What?
Look. I know it sounds
crazy. but follow my lead.
Okay?
I want to be back before sunup.
Dude. it's like 9 p.m.
What the fuck are you talk--
- What the fuck! Clark?!
- What the fuck?
- How did you do that?
- Dude. did you...
Did you fucking see
that?! H-how did he. um...
I'm right here. Come see for yourself.
What the fuck? D-did
you just fucking...
What? How the f...
Bobby. stop. What are you doing?
- What the fuck?!
- Clark. where are you?
Ha! Hey. did you... did you see that?
- Where the fuck did he go?
- Yes. Bobby. I saw it!
Oh! Where the f--
Just step through
the door. you'll be fine!
What?! No! Tell us what is going on!
You know what. just...
No. Bobby. wait! Bobby!
Wait. what are you doing?
Bobby!
What the fuck?!
Dude!
Dude. how is this possible?
- Bobby! Clark!
- Okay...
Where are you? What
the fuck is back there?
No. no. no. Kat. it's good. it's good.
J-just. you gotta come see this.
I mean... Right. you see...
You see. it's. um...
- It's fine.
- Clark. what is this?
- Where are we?
- Oh!
That's what I'm trying to figure out.
Whose. um... Whose shit is this?
Is it-is it... is it
part of your store?
If it belongs to someone.
- I haven't met them yet.
- Okay...
I've been in here every
night since I found the place.
and I still barely
scratched the surface.
Come on. I'll show you.
It only gets better.
- What the fuck...
- Hey. Hey.
You don't think he. like.
dosed us or something. do you?
What? No. no. no. We're not on drugs.
I think I'd be able
to tell if I was high.
You are high!
Pot doesn't count.
So. um. it's like...
what. like an empty office building?
In here? Sure. But
it's like it was made
by a bunch of construction
workers on acid.
There's even a pool!
There's a pool?
Yeah. I mean. kind of.
Keep up.
"Pots." What the fuck?
Yeah. no. no. that's
the way I went last time.
Yeah. when I was looking for
a staircase down or something.
Only thing I found so
far is basically more of a...
Okay...
I don't know. it's like a ramp. really.
It's. uh... It's up here.
We'll be at it in a minute.
Okay...
How many floors does it go down?
Is this not technically...
Okay. All right. you filming?
- Yeah.
- All right.
I don't see why Bobby
has to be the one to go.
- I want to.
- He's the one with the camera.
Well. it's not like it's attached.
Yeah. well. I mean. to my
student ID. yeah. it kinda is.
Any trouble. just give a
tug. and I'll pull you up. okay?
Trouble? Clark. what fucking trouble?
There's not going to be any trouble.
Babe. babe. babe. it's good.
- No. hey--
- It's good. I'm good.
Baby. you don't have to do this.
No. it's cool. I-I just want
to see what's down there.
- Are you not curious?
- This is stupid!
- Just go as far as you can.
- No. look. look. look!
You can basically walk
down without a rope.
It's fine. and it's not even steep.
Okay.
Okay. just don't... just one thing.
If I don't come back. you'll
tell my mom I love her. right?
- Okay.
- All right. okay.
All right. just take it slow.
Okay.
Oh. it is actually kind of steep.
- You good?
- Yeah.
- Just. uh... try not to drop me.
- All right.
Tell me how much you need.
Whoa... Careful!
What the... Whoa!
Whoa! Whoa! Fuck! Aah...
What the fuck are you
guys doing up there?
Sorry. sorry!
It was stuck around the leg of the bed!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
Jesus fucking Christ...
Just keep letting me down!
All right. Here we go.
Okay. I'm in.
See anything?
Ugh...
Uh. it's just...
It's a bunch of laundry and shit.
What do you mean? Clothes?
Yeah. it just fucking stinks down here.
See anything else?
Yeah. just. uh... Just
give me a minute.
Okay.
Oh. god...
What the fuck?
Bobby?
Yeah.
Just checking that you're okay.
Yeah. I'm fine. Just. um...
Okay...
Yeah.
Okay.
What the fuck...?
Bobby? Come back up!
I don't like this!
Hey! Uh... Let some more line out!
I can't! It's as far as it goes.
Fuck...
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Pull me up! Pull me up! Pull me up!
Bobby! What is it?
- Fuck!
- What do you see?
What the fuck is it? Pull him up!
- I am! Jesus Christ!
- Fuck!
Pull harder!
Pull. man! What the fuck!
- It's getting caught on my feet!
- Fuck!
- I can't pull--
- Fucking pull harder!
Clark. hurry up!
Almost here! Almost here.
babe. just a little more!
- Pull him up!
- What did you see?
- There's. uh. there's someone down there.
- We've got you--
- What?
- Fuck.
Slow down. just
breathe. Baby. it's okay.
Just get this shit off
me. man. Fuck. Jesus.
- It's okay. It's okay. Here.
- What did you see?
- Hey. deep breath.
- What kind of knot is this?
- What the fuck?!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
- Help us! Clark!
- Hold on!
- Okay. okay. okay!
- Help. you fucking asshole!
- Let me get it!
- Untie me. man!
What the hell are you doing. Clark?
- I can't!
- Hurry. Clark!
- I'm trying. I'm trying!
- FUCK!
Don't let go! Don't let go!
- Hold on!
- Fuck! Don't let me go!
- Don't let me go!
- Let me get at--
BOBBY!
NO! KAT. NO!
Bobby!
BOBBY!
What are we doing? We need to... Clark!
Bobby! No! No! No!
Ow... KAT! Kat...
Bobby!
Bobby! No!
Kat!
Oh. fuck...
Oh. no. no. no. no. no! No!
Kat?!
Kat?
Hello?
Stay back! Get away from me!
Clark? CLARK!
I'm here...
I'm here! It's gonna come back.
Please. Clark. please let me in!
- Kat?
- Let me in!
Wh-wh-where are you?
We have to go now.
Clark! We have to go.
- It's gonna come back. it's gonna find me!
- Kat! Kat? Uh...
Wait. I don't understand.
Wh-where are you?
Please. let me the fuck in!
But it's a... it's-it's a wall!
How can-how can you see me?
I'm on the other side of the glass.
How can you not see me?
What glass?! What the
fuck are you talking about?
Wh-what are you talk--
Okay. can you see
anything on your side?
Can you see a handle. a
door? Is there a hatch. anything?
No. no. no. no...
Uh... Okay. Let me figure
this out. okay? Just hold on.
Hold on. okay? It's just...
- Clark?
- No. no. just let me...
- Clark!
- Just hold on!
- Let me figure this out!
- CLARK!
- Let me figure this out...
- Clark! Clark!
Clark. behind you!
Mary!
Mary...
what were you thinking?
I never. ever.
ever said you could go outside.
It's no good.
They're all over the place.
"Hi. you've reached Dr. Mary Klein."
"I'm not able to answer the call.
"so please leave a message.
"and I'll get back to
you as soon as I can."
"Mary...
"I opened the window."
"I won't be coming back."
"...Please!"
"Save us!"
"All right! I'll do it!
I'll save you! I will do it!"
"Moon Child!"
I don't know where that hand's been.
"Well. ahoy there. mateys!"
"Now. according to me map.
"we've landed on the crystal
shores of a bountiful land.
"a land filled with great deals."
"So drop your anchors and come on down
"to Cap'n Clark's Ottoman Empire."
"Get lost in an endless sea
"of quality tables. chairs.
couches. and bedroom sets."
"Need bed bunks for the
scallywagses quarters?
"W've got it all!"
"And at prices so low
"you'll think that yo're robbing me!"
Hello?
Clark?
Clark. can you hear me?
You found it.
Why are you hiding?
You were being too loud.
Where are we?
It's...
...every place that ever was.
How long have you been here?
What was that?
Stay calm.
It's only me.
You know me.
I'm sorry.
This is for your own good.
As you walk through life.
the untrained mind
accumulates loops. habits...
...behaviors that keep
you drifting in circles.
creating the same problems.
reaching for the same solutions
over and over again.
Still. it's the neural
pathway of least resistance.
The one I made.
The one that kept me safe...
when I was a child.
You know...
I learned to push people
away before they could hurt me.
And. now. as an adult.
I'm still stuck right where I started.
Alone.
What is this?
It's a real mess. Am I right?
Clark...
...let me help you...
before you do anything
you can't take back.
Answer the question.
Yes. it's a real mess.
But also beautiful in a way.
No?
Who are these people?
This place builds them.
Oh. actually. more
like it remembers them.
And the more times it
remembers something.
the less it does.
Somewhere out there
is a guy in a striped shirt.
but. in here. he's...
remembered.
Just slightly wrong.
Somewhere out there is a man
in a wheelchair. and a lamp.
I'm pretty sure that's
how you get all of this.
You know. all these places
and rooms and buildings
misremembering themselves.
Clark...
let's talk this through.
In some ways...
they're an improvement
on the originals.
For starters.
they can't feel anything.
Can you imagine how
good that must feel?
I mean...
...there's no thoughts
or pain. no ego...
...no fear.
They simply...
exist.
Like... like furniture!
Look at this. The best part.
You can eat them!
That's my. uh...
assistant manager.
I tried to help her.
but she just. uh...
Clark!
If you untie me. we
can talk this through.
get you feeling better.
Yeah. well. what if I did untie you?
You know. what then?
You'd run around here
like a chicken with its head cut off.
looking for a way out.
But you'd end up in the
same place you are now.
Like the path thing you're
always talking about.
Clark!
I just want to help you.
Just tell me what you need.
I'll-I'll-I'll do it.
Yeah?
Yeah. Yes. please.
Okay.
Well. I want you to tell me
that I didn't do anything
wrong. you know.
that-that you were wrong about me.
I was wrong about you! I was.
- I was wrong about you.
- No. no. not-not like that.
Not... not so fast. okay?
I mean. I wanna... I
want to set the scene first!
Let's start. um...
well. the night that. uh...
that I got kicked out of my own house.
Yeah?
It was. um... It was late.
A lot darker.
Uh...
Lights. please.
I tried this exercise with her before.
It doesn't go anywhere.
Fine!
I'll do it myself.
It's still my house after all.
Yeah.
Thank you. Much better.
But there's...
still...
something off.
Clark. please...
No. please. don't. don't...!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I...
broke the glass and woke you up.
I know how you like to sleep early.
I was at the store late.
I guess I lost track of the time.
I was checking inventory.
But...
I stopped off for a few beers.
- Clark--
- Barbara!
I was checking inventory.
Then I stopped off for a few beers.
Defi-define a few.
As many as I wanted.
Because this is my house.
I pay for it.
I pay for everything. I
pay for you to go to school.
I pay for your time off school!
I pay for the roof over your head!
You want kids. right?
Well. that takes money.
So someone has to work around here.
I said someone has
to get off her fat ass
and work around here!
Just because you didn't
get to be an architect don--
I am a fucking architect.
I'm just stuck selling shit
furniture because someone
won't get off her fat
fucking ass and help me!
- I'm not your wife!
- Stay in character.
Stay in character!
- I've never even met her!
- STAY IN CHARACTER!
FUCK YOU!
What did you say?
You wanna know the real
reason your wife left you?
It wasn't the drinking.
or the stumbling home
at all hours. or the rage.
It was the whining!
Nothing's ever your fault. is it?
You drink too much? Blame your job.
You hate your job? Blame the world.
You get kicked out of the house?
Blame your wife.
You attack me and tie me up?
Blame your brain!
You are your fucking
brain. you dipshit!
- You're saying it's my fault?
- Yes!
But it's just the way
you're wired. isn't it?
ISN'T IT?!
How do I stop doing that?
Honestly. I have no fucking idea.
I can't help you. Clark.
As much as I tried.
It's just not up to me.
I can't save anyone.
You know...
I don't think I want to change.
Then don't.
I like it in here.
For the first time in a long time.
I feel like I'm...
like I'm right where
I'm supposed to be.
Then stay.
Right where you are.
But let me go.
I'm sorry.
About what?
What are you doing in here?
This is Mary.
She's our therapist.
She was just leaving.
No. no.
You don't have to worry.
She says we don't need to change.
It's okay.
It's just the way we're wired.
[Ganda (Luganda)] "Greetings
to all peoples of the universe...
[Ganda (Luganda)] "God
give you peace always."
[Marathi] "Greetings. The people of the Earth send their
good wishes and hope you find good fortune in this life."
[Amoy] "Friends from
space. how are you all?
[Amoy] "Have you eaten yet?
Come visit us if you have time."
No...
[Czech] "Dear Friends.
we wish you the best."
[Kannada] "Greetings. On behalf of
Kannada-speaking people. 'good wishes'."
[Rajasthani] "Hello to everyone...
[Rajasthani] "We are happy
here and you be happy there."
"Hello from the
children of planet Earth."
[Ancient Greek] "Greetings to you. whoever you
are. We come in friendship to those who are friends."
[Portuguese] "Peace and
happiness to everyone."
[Akkadian] "May all be very well."
[Russian] "Greetings! I welcome you!"
[Thai] "Hello friends from..."
[French] "Hello. everyone."
Are you okay? Are you okay?
Who the fuck is that?
Who is it?
What happened?
What about the pirate?
Can you still see the pirate?
And the other guys?
Still going out the back?
[Serbian] "We wish you all
the best. from our planet."
[Oriya] "Greetings
to the inhabitants of...
[Oriya] "the universe from the
third planet Earth of the star Sun"
[Ganda (Luganda)] "Greetings
to all peoples of the universe...
[Ganda (Luganda)] "God
give you peace always."
[Marathi] "Greetings. The people of the Earth send their
good wishes and hope you find good fortune in this life."
[Amoy] "Friends from
space. how are you all?
[Amoy] "Have you eaten yet?
Come visit us if you have time."
[Hungarian] "We are sending greetings in the Hungarian
language to all peace-loving beings on the Universe."
[Telugu] "Greetings. Best wishes
from Telugu-speaking people."
[Czech] "Dear Friends.
we wish you the best."
[Kannada] "Greetings. On behalf of
Kannada-speaking people. 'good wishes'."
[Rajasthani] "Hello to everyone...
[Rajasthani] "We are happy
here and you be happy there."
"Hello from the
children of planet Earth."
Hello. my name is Phil.
And you're Mary. yeah?
Uh... I was hoping to ask
you a few questions. just for...
some clarification on our end.
if that's okay.
Uh. first thing. um...
could you establish how you. uh...
got in here?
I walked through a wall
in the basement of a furniture store.
Can you confirm that this
is the location in question?
Okay. good. So you were shopping. or...
I was looking for someone.
Um...
were you looking for this man.
right here?
Where am I right now?
Could you just confirm for me?
Is this man right here the
man you were looking for?
Please.
- Sorry. what was your name?
- Phil.
Please. Phil. Where am I?
I'm not...
I make. um... Sorry. my...
Our company. we make...
MRI machines.
Or... I should say. um.
we used to make MRI machines.
Not anymore.
That was before we...
- Before we found--
- You've been there.
Yes. I have.
And now. it's my job.
Every day. I-I go in there
and I just try to f...
try to find out ev-even
a little bit more.
I-I map out areas to
the best of my ability.
And more and more. I'm convinced
that nothing in our lifetime. Mary.
n-nothing in-in maybe
all of recorded history
means more than this.
But I don't understand it. I don't...
I-I can't even describe it.
It...
It's like describing a dog to
someone who's never seen a dog.
And then asking them to draw it.
Now you want me to... describe it.
And then you'll write it
down. and then what?
- Mary--
- You'll let me go?
We all want the same thing here.
We do.
We just want to find
out even a little bit more.
What's gonna happen to me. Phil?
That decision's not up to me.
So...
if we could just talk. just you and me.
you know. just like... just
like two regular people.
We could unpack some of
this. we've both been in there.
and-and-and get on the same page.
There are doors opening everywhere.
We don't know why or
what's connecting them.
They sort of keep happening. and...
and we don't know how to stop them...
Timeline & Subtitles: MontageSubs
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm